well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again we're down here live on the
Mexican border trying to find Trump's
wall got a little lost to be honest I
think we're not being Mexico so I'm
gonna make a phone call real quick
y'all just bear with me hey man where's
the wall leave me walk walk Trump's wall
nineteen hundred and fifty four miles of
great big beautiful wall where is it now
there was already a wall there where
where's the new wall you built the new
wall where the old wall was 78 miles you
telling me that in three years
there's not one new mile of wall not one
billions allocated took money from dld
disrupted the entire government process
for three years and not a single mile a
new wall mm-hmm what are y'all doing and
don't get mad at me I'm gonna make this
stupid promise
my viewers want to see a wall I'm out
here trying to be a good presidential
supporter not like I'm being extorted
into it or anything
mmm-hmm see how taking land trying to
seize land under the Declaration and
taking act that's the one where you can
take ranchers land without even
discussing paying them until after
you're already using it right yeah yeah
so yes Mexico didn't pay to further the
wall huh hey man can you come get me I
might be lost out here that there's much
cactuses we rock with some blue paint on
well there were supposed to be a wall
here soap okay now 70% of Americans feel
that the Ukraine call was wrong that the
President did something wrong during it
regardless of his best intentions
he most likely committed a crime and
that's why people are sinning that now
there are some people who are just
saying he did something wrong but we
don't want him removed now the problem
with that is if you see that he did
something wrong it's because you see
bribery or extortion or maybe you just
think it's wrong for him to solicit
something from a foreign national force
campaign which is illegal by the way now
the idea of knowing that you did he did
something wrong and not wanting him
impeached
well that presents a problem because all
of those things are crimes and that
section of the Constitution doesn't say
high crimes are mr. beaters and can be
removed said shall be that means must be
it is now the Senate's constitutional
obligation to remove the president
anything short of that is them failing
to do their jobs and undermining the
Constitution of the United States why
are people turning against the president
is really simple there's no wall that
they're seizing 450 miles land but
there's still no law this is affecting
his base they see him as incapable of
doing the simplest tasks it's a
construction project not one new mark he
said that you know they had gotten rid
of that bad guy over there that whole
organization was gone 100% totally
defeated but we have to leave troops
there to protect oil fields because
they're defeated and we also sold out
our allies who did the heavy lifting but
we need to leave the troops there
because they're completely 100% totally
defeated even the most ignorant of his
supporters sees through that his base is
shrinking
because he keeps insulting the trade
wars a win we're gonna get a win they're
gonna buy soybeans almost at the level
that they were buying them at before he
started this stupid war this is why even
his base is turning against him now
because they realize that his best
intentions were worth nothing and they
weren't good intentions to begin with
they were about feathering his cap the
job as was said the job is too big for
Trump he can't handle it it's not you
know we if presidents all locked a lot
of flack while they're in office but you
ever look at how they age while they're
in there because there's a lot to it
there's a lot to it and it doesn't
matter what how they look at it there's
a lot of responsibility and I'm not sure
that most people understand that level
of responsibility it's more than
branding and that's what Trump is good
at branding you can't brand your way out
of anything except an economic crisis
and he's actually done really great at
avoiding the recession he triggered I'll
give him that
I think I think he's doing an amazing
job and I feel bad for the next
president because that's when it's gonna
hit but Trump's all besides it did
everything he could to avert it
and he did it well I can't I can't deny
that but here's the thing at the end of
the day all evidence all evidence shows
that he violated the law more than
likely several shall be it is now the
Senate's constitutional obligation to
remove it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
you have a good day